
• What are the advantages of Bootstrap?
Top 10 Advantages of Bootstrap for Web Development
1. Easy initiation
2. Responsiveness
3. Highly customizable
4. Extremely user-centric
5. Top-notch support
6.Cross-browser compatibility
7. JavaScript plugins to your rescue
8. Far-reaching popularity
9. Ample documentation
10. Updates at the doorstep


• What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work?
Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required when using our
default grid system. Containers are used to contain, pad, and (sometimes) center the content
within them. While containers can be nested, most layouts do not require a nested container
.What are the default Bootstrap text settings?
Bootstrap 4 Default Settings
Bootstrap 4 uses a default font-size of 16px, and its line-height is 1.5. The default font-family is
"Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif. In addition, all <p> elements have margin-top: 0
and margin-bottom: 1rem (16px by default).



• what do you know about the bootstrap grid system?
Bootstrap's grid system uses a series of containers, rows, and columns to layout and align
content. It's built with flexbox and is fully responsive. Below is an example and an in-depth look
at how the grid comes together.


• What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5
Bootstrap 4 supports both IE 10 and 11. Bootstrap 5 doesn't support IE 10 and 11. Radio
buttons, checkboxes have different look in different OS and browsers. The form uses whatever
default browsers provide.


What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group?
“Button Groups” in Bootstrap is a class of name “btn-group” which is used to create series of
buttons in groups (without spaces) vertically or horizontally. This is the basic syntax of the button
group class where each button has its own class of “btn”.



• How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails?
Step 1: Include Bootstrap and jQuery CDN into the <head> tag before all other stylesheets to
load our CSS. Step 2: Add <div> tag in the HTML body with class row. In that <div> create four
div sections to create four images. Step 3: Add “col-sm-6” and “col-md-3” to four div sections
which creates webpage responsive.


• In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox?
Flexbox. The biggest difference between Bootstrap 3 and Bootstrap 4 is that Bootstrap 4 now
uses flexbox, instead of floats, to handle the layout. The Flexible Box Layout Module, makes it
easier to design flexible responsive layout structure without using float or positioning.


• How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?
Be sure you've loaded the alert plugin, or the compiled Bootstrap JavaScript.
If you're building our JavaScript from source, it requires util.js . ...
Add a dismiss button and the .alert-dismissible class, which adds extra padding to the right of
the alert and positions the .close button.

• What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one?
A card is a flexible and extensible content container. It includes options for headers and footers,
a wide variety of content, contextual background colors, and powerful display options. If you're
familiar with Bootstrap 3, cards replace our old panels, wells, and thumbnails
